+++
title = "Riboflavin (vitamin B2) and flavin mononucleotide as visible light photo initiators in the thiol–ene polymerisation of PEG-based hydrogels"
date = 2017-01-20
draft = false

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["R. R. Batchelor", "G. Kwandou", "P. T. Spicer", "M. H. Stenzel"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference paper
# 2 = Journal article
# 3 = Manuscript
# 4 = Report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book section
publication_types = ["2"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "Polymer Chemistry, __8__, 980-984"
publication_short = ""

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "A model of internally structured emulsion droplets is presented that accounts for the traction forces generated by interfacial tension and the von Mises yield criterion of the internal supporting network. For symmetric droplets, the method calculates the total stress acting on a droplet locally, allowing droplet stability and location of failure to be predicted. It is not regions of high interfacial curvature that prompt droplet reconfiguration, rather regions transitioning from high to low curvature. The model enables the design of emulsion droplet response and reconfigurability to external triggers such as changes in surface tension (surfactant concentration) and temperature."
abstract_short = ""

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
projects = []

# Tags (optional).
#   Set `tags = []` for no tags, or use the form `tags = ["A Tag", "Another Tag"]` for one or more tags.
tags = ["polymerization","rheology","hydrogel"]

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "http://pubs.rsc.org/is/content/articlelanding/2017/py/c6py02034h"
url_preprint = ""
url_code = ""
url_dataset = ""
url_project = ""
url_slides = ""
url_video = ""
url_poster = ""
url_source = ""

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
# url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does this page contain LaTeX math? (true/false)
math = false

# Does this page require source code highlighting? (true/false)
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = ""

+++
